>> Steve Kinney: All right,
so we'll go back.
Go to route 53 and
we will find out together if
my domain registration is done cooking.
So, we'll go to Registered domains,
here's my super important website,
and we'll hit Manage DNS.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, and
then we'll Go to Record Sets.
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
so I've got the basis here,
I want to create a new record set.
And we're going to leave this blank,
because we want just super
important website.com, right?
We don't need a subdomain,
you might be asking questions, like,
shouldn't I also have www?
Aren't people expecting www,
so on and so forth?
I'm pretty sure Frontend Masters went
a while without supporting www, but
you have that now, right?
Yeah, [LAUGH],
we'll get both set up in due time, but
let's get the original one going first.
So it's going to be an A record, but we're
actually going to set it to an Alias,
an alias is used for
internal Amazon stuff, right?
So we'll set the alias to Yes,
and then, look at this,
it's superimportantwebsite.com,
I'm going to click that.
Routing Policy, like I said,
there was failover in case one goes down.
Geolocation, depending on where they are,
Latency,
which is like if one is slower than
the other, it will go to the faster one.
You could also do Weighted, which is like,
if you wanted to do AB
testing between two servers.
You can be like, okay, like, there's,
one of the things we're looking at is
effectively like when we go to deploy.
Eventually starting out with sending 1% of
traffic to the new version of the code,
and then so on and so forth.
As that is successful, increasing it, but
we're going to keep it simple, literally.
All right, and so
now superimportantwebsite.com
is aliased to that longer
URL that we saw before.
Chances of it working immediately
are fairly low, but you know what?
I'm going to go for it.
>> Steve Kinney: That's my longer one,
no, not yet, so
DNS takes a little bit of time to
propagate so we'll see it shortly.
So one quick public service
announcement that came up in the chat.
Which is, if one has a domain
at some other registrar,
how do I connect it to route 53?
So we'll throw this in the notes,
but basically Amazon not
only has guides for how you can
redirect your domain of choice.
But they even have options for, hey,
I need to do it while it's live with no
downtime, versus I don't really
care if I have downtime.
So the difference between if I
tried to move over SteveKinney.net,
which honestly, I've seen the traffic.
I can go down for
a little bit while the DNS propagates,
it's not going to be the end of the world.
Versus something like SendGrid.com,
where you can equate that in dollars
with many zeroes afterwards, right?
So depending on what your situation is,
there is an option for both.